docs(README): mention container image in the README (#1562)
redhat-developer/app-services-cli: README.md

curl -o- https://raw.githubusercontent.com/redhat-developer/app-services-cli/main/scripts/install.sh | bash 
```

## RHOAS Container Image

> Container image for RHOAS can be found in [redhat-developer/app-services-tools](https://github.com/redhat-developer/app-services-tools). It contains a number of CLIs that can be executed as container.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
RHOAS CLI can be also used as container image. This can be useful when using CLI in OpenShift environment, automation and testing.. Image contains also openshift cli and kafkacat binaries. For more information please refer to [redhat-developer/app-services-tools](https://github.com/redhat-developer/app-services-tools) github repository
```

curl -o- https://raw.githubusercontent.com/redhat-developer/app-services-cli/main/scripts/install.sh | bash 
```

## RHOAS Container Image

To install or update [image](https://github.com/redhat-developer/app-services-tools) containing RHOAS CLI:

> ```shell

Reviewer: From point of user this is redundant as pull happens automatically

docker pull quay.io/rhoas/tools
```

Running the image:

```shell

> docker run -ti --rm --name rhoas-devsandbox --entrypoint /bin/bash quay.io/rhoas/tools

Reviewer: Do we need container name (if container exist command will fail)

Author: It doesn't seem to be failing.
Have used the command specified in README of [app-services-tools](https://github.com/redhat-developer/app-services-tools#running-image)

Reviewer: +1 lets leave it like this
